today we thought we'd give a quick tour
of our chicken coop and here is the
outside view you want to start with the
egg door babe yeah so we just modeled
this after a salt box style picture that
I saw online so here's the egg door and
Scott counterweight on it because the
door is pretty heavy it's got metal
it's an old scale counterweight on it
and then these are the nesting boxes and
we put little these the little circular
door flaps in here to keep the teenagers
out when we were hatching eggs they
would stay in there and poop in the
boxes with the silkies that hatched them
so yeah they take it takes a while
before they get up on their roof so they
want to sleep in the nesting boxes and
then they just poop it in all night then
on the end of the nesting boxes we've
got just kind of a little storage space
maybe have a garden thing in there a
little light dust a little scrape about
a week week and a half on the inside on
that ledge I've put a little shadow roof
on it he just used a five-gallon bucket
as the template for those holes work
perfect there's somebody wondering what
we're doing those two by fours come out
they're just sitting in there
in place I'd like to get a poop tart for
that see they're just abortion girls
just kind of got a little notch in there
for that for the bottom line to sit on
um we had heard that it was best if your
roofs are flat so that when your
chickens sleep at night especially
during the winter they kind of cover
their feet with their feathers so their
feet stay a little bit warmer and we're
in Indiana and it can get pretty cold in
the winter so we did that up here with a
little light that we'll use sometimes in
the winter not for heat but just to keep
our egg production up and then a little
temperature gauge just so it's usually
just a couple degrees above the outside
during the winter and then here's our we
have a little timer on a cord from the
back side here you'll see we've got a he
built um a little window back here that
we use as a vent so we like to keep the
front to open in the back and we
generally keep the back open most of the
year unless it gets real real cold just
so they have some ventilation and that
just Nora just swing that up baby market
that just swings up and walk we built it
all out of poplar local poplar my uncles
and here's this side a little ramp for
the tens and we're sure to go in and out
and then here's a little door we have
what we did with this is put it on a
pulley so that raises and lowers it and
the best part about it is we don't have
to go inside the run to open up
outside your fence insulator basically
hold it on there in your window yeah we
got the windows from a yard sale or a
state sale or something just a windows
and just put some hinges and a little
walk on him
oh right it was it was one window wasn't
it we took it apart
yeah - but what would hold the window
closed in the house actually repurposed
outside yeah walking it out here and the
inside of those is a hardware closet
and we keep an open night and day and we
haven't not going would have a problem
with anything getting him and we've had
a little footprints here on the egg door
so we know things have tried but we just
got a little dowel rod with a hole in
there to keep them open pretty simple it
was easy quick and easy for us to put
together so that's what we did
all right anything else want to talk
about